no more vars in Web/API (3) (#18865)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmllinkelement/rel/index.md

## Examples

```js
const links = document.getElementsByTagName('link');

> const length = links.length;
> for (let i = 0; i < length; i++) {
>   alert(links[i]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for (const link of links) {
  console.log(link);
```
